Hello everyone and welcome to the lecture I'm preparing references so references are the final stage
of the interview process before you actually begin to receive a formal offer.
So let's go ahead and go over some general tips.
First off you should identify three to five people to be potential references.
Usually a formal job application requires about three and you should always contact your reference at
the beginning of your job search.
Make sure to get their e-mail and phone number.
Then you should call your references letting them know they should expect to be contacted.
Once you know that the recruiter at the company you've been interviewing with is going to contact your
references.
So who to ask for a reference.
There's different types of people you can ask.
You can ask previous superiors and you should make sure that they're able to promote your value and
ability to perform produce and contribute to organizational goals.
There's also previous peers people you work with.
They should be able to endorse your ability to work together as a team member and as a leader.
This confirms your ability to put the organization agenda before your personal agenda.
There's also subordinate's people that worked for you and they should be able to vouch for your training
and coaching skills.
Also promoting your supervision skills.
And then there's clients and vendors.
They should be able to affirm your high quality customer service and professional integrity.
And finally Mixtura always ask people you know well and will speak well about you.
All right that's it for preparing references.
And that's it for the non-technical portion of this course.
Up next we'll have a little technical break section where we get a quick overview on the format for
the rest of the course.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture.